USER AGENT:

User Agent: Learn Your Web Browser’s User Agent Now - WhoIsHostingThis.com Skip to content WhoIsHostingThis Best Hosts of 2019 Reviews Reviews of Web Hosts & Website Builders Since 2008 we’ve been publishing real-life reviews of the world’s most popular web hosting services. We know the good, the bad and the ugly about the world’s most popular hosting providers – and we’re not afraid to publish it. The key user ratings are on the following features: Support Features Uptime Value Most Popular Hosts Browse Reviews A2 Hosting Bluehost DreamHost FatCow GoDaddy GreenGeeks HostGator HostMonster HostPapa InMotion Hosting Interserver iPage JustHost LiquidWeb Media Temple Network Solutions SiteGround Web Hosting Hub WP Engine Yahoo Hosting Most Popular Website Builders Adobe Spark Boldgrid Gator Shopify Squarespace Site123 uKit Weebly zenfolio Wordpress.com Wix Compare Website Builders Comparisons Compare Web Hosting Plans Looking for something specific? Our Host Comparison data can be found on these pages. You can sort hosting plans by price and user rating to find the best fit for your budget. The results are in! Fastest and Most Reliable Hosts of 2019. Hosting Features Compare Hosting Plans Type Dedicated Shared Hosting VPS Hosting Operating Systems Linux Mac Windows Languages Python PHP Java By Audience Small Business Blog & Personal Sites eCommerce CMSs WordPress Joomla Drupal By Budget Free Cheap Unlimited Web Servers Apache Nginx Tomcat JSP Applications Gaming Wiki CRM Specialty Hosting Streaming Cloud PCI Compliant Deals & Discounts Deals & Discounts Use our coupons, promo codes & special discount links to save money on popular hosts, website builders & more. Deals & Discounts View All Coupons Bluehost Domain.com FatCow GoDaddy GreenGeeks HostGator HostMonster HostPapa InMotion Hosting Interserver iPage JustHost LiquidWeb Network Solutions SiteGround Web Hosting Hub WP Engine Yahoo Hosting Resources Resources & Tools With more than 90 pages of learning content, our resources come in pretty handy. Whether you're a beginner enthusiast or a seasoned programmer, you're bound to find whatever you're looking for. Resources View All Resources Browser Cookies HTTP cookies, privacy & more Copyright What are the rules, how to etc Cyberbullying Definition, cause & prevention DMCA Takedown of digital content Domain Names All a newbie needs to know Credible Sources Information quality & more Flag Icons Flag emoji & icon guide Free Stock Images Guide to free images .HTACCESS Configuring web servers HTML for Beginners Introduction to HTML basics HTTP Status Codes List of common status codes Internet Terminology Learn the lingo online Pattern Generators Creating patterns with ease Web Hosting FAQ Every question answered. What Is Web Hosting? All a newbie needs to know Tools View All Tools User Agent Tool Check your browser's UA DMCA Generator Create a DMCA notice online Who Is Hosting This Our flagship webmaster tool Blog Recent Blog Posts Take a look at our most popular blog posts, alternatively browse our entire directory. Our team post frequently about a variety of topics. We write about everything from web hosting to how real life events impact the internet and it's economy. Blog View All Posts Black Friday Deals on Hosting Who's got the best Black Friday & Cyber Monday deals on hosting? Find out here.... Read More Cost of Building a Website Planning on starting a website? It’s true that a website can be free to start, but if you expect any kind of return for your efforts—whether it’s ad revenue, affiliate sales, or retail... Read More All About The Dark Web & Tor The internet has, in its storied history, been compared to many things: a river; a superhighway; and, perhaps most famously, a series of tubes. But as it turns out, the most apt... Read More Become Internet Famous Deep down, most of us long to be famous. While most of us live our lives in anonymity, as a celebrity you can have an impact on the world, leave a meaningful legacy behind, and have your name... Read More English User Agent: Learn Your Web Browser’s User Agent 

Now Your User Agent is: 
Java/1.8.0_161 
Your IP Address is: 172.97.208.30
Browser Information: 
JavaScript Enabled: 
No Cookies Enabled: 
No Device Pixel Ratio: N/A 
Screen Resolution: N/A 
Browser Window Size: N/A 
Local Time: N/A 
Time Zone: N/A 


User agents are unique to every visitor on the web. They reveal a catalogue of technical data about the device and software that the visitor is using. Armed with this information, you can develop richer and more dynamic websites that deliver different experiences based on the user agent that’s visiting. User agents are also critical in controlling search engine robots using the robots.txt file on your server. But they dont function perfectly in every situation, and the information in a user agent string can be faked. In order to leverage this information, you need to understand the component parts of a user agent string, and consider also the potential risks of using this method to deliver content. What is a User Agent? Everyone that is browsing the web right now has a user agent. It’s the software that acts as the bridge between you, the user, and the internet. It’s easiest to understand user agents if we backtrack and look at the evolution of the web, so we can understand the benefits of user agents. When the internet was a text-based system, right back at the beginning of its use, users had to type commands to navigate and send messages. Now, we have browsers to do that for us. We simply point and click, and the browser is acting as our “agent,” turning our actions into commands. When your browser (or similar device) loads a website, it identifies itself as an agent when it retrieves the content you’ve requested. Along with that user agent identification, the browser sends a host of information about the device and network that it’s on. This is a really set of data for web developers, since it allows them to customize the experience depending on the user agent that’s loaded the page. User Agent Types Browsers are a straightforward example of a user agent, but other tools can act as agents. Crucially, not all user agents are controlled or instructed by humans, in real time. Search engine crawlers are a good example of a user agent that is (largely) automated — a robot that trawls the web without a user at the helm. Here’s a list of some of the user agents you’ll encounter: Browsers: Including Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Chrome, Edge, BlackBerry, Opera, Minimo, Beonex and the AOL browser. Crawlers: Google, Google Images, Yahoo! Slurp, and hundreds more. Consoles: PlayStation 3, Wii, PlayStation Portable and Bunjalloo — the Nintendo DS’ built-in browser. Legacy operating systems (for example, AmigaVoyager). Offline browsers and similar (for example, Wget and Offline Explorer). Link checkers (for example, W3C-checklink). Plus a whole range of feed readers, validators, cloud platforms, media players, email libraries, and scripts. Reading HTTP User Agent Strings Once the user agent has identified itself to the web server, a process called content negotiation can begin. This allows the website to serve different versions of itself, based on the user agent string. The agent passes its ID card over to the server, and the server then negotiates a combination of suitable files, scripts, and media. In the early days of the web, user agents were used to distinguish Mosaic from Mozilla, since Mosaic did not support frames, while Mozilla did. To look at a user agent string in more detail, take a look at this example user agent string, as generated by the WhoIsHostingThis User Agent Tool. Your results will be unique to your computer, device and network, but here one from a computer we have in the office: Breaking the example down, we get the following information: The user agent application is Mozilla version 5.0, or a piece of software compatible with it. The operating system is OS X version 10.2.2 (and is running on a Mac). The client is Chrome version 51.0.2704.84. The client is based on Safari version 537.36. The engine responsible for displaying content on this device is AppleWebKit version 537.36 (and KHTML, an open source layout engine, is present too). Dissecting user agent strings can be tricky, since there is no standard format. But there are guides and analytics tools all over the web that can help. For most designers, the application, version and engine are likely to be key. Note that a huge part of the user agent string is concerned with compatibility. That’s because Internet Explorer originally had to declare itself to be Mozilla compatible in order to receive content with frames. In practice, the majority of browsers now declare themselves to be Mozilla compatible to ensure that they can access all of the content on the web. Content Negotiation So: the user agent string is a little muddled. But it’s still useful. What can we do with it? We can: Check the capabilities of the browser or device, and load different CSS based on the outcome; Deliver custom JavaScript to one device compared with another; Send an entirely different page layout to a phone, compared to a desktop computer; Automatically send the correct translation of a document, based on the user agent language preference; Push special offers to particular people, based on their device type or other factors; Gather statistics about visitors to inform our web design and content production process, or simply measure who’s hitting our site, and from which referral sources. Overall, we can empower our scripts to make the best choice for our visitor, based on their user agent. And we can feed that data back into a cycle of continuous improvement, analytics and other processes, like conversion optimization. User Agents and Robots.txt The robots.txt file is a file on your web server that controls how some user agents behave. In the majority of cases, we use robots.txt to tell search engine crawlers — or “robots” — what to do. As we mentioned in the introduction, search engine crawlers are a very specific type of user agent. The information in the robots.txt file applies only to crawlers, and it’s up to the crawlers to interpret them as we intend. Let’s look at some examples. If we wanted to ban all crawlers from visiting a website, we’d create a text file called robots.txt, place it in the top level (web accessible) directory on our server, and add the following text: Free country flag icons Table of Contents?? Search our site… Search Black Friday Deals are Here! If you’re in the market for a new web hosting provider, be sure to check out our Black Friday Deals on Web Hosting, Domains, WordPress themes and more!. Need Web Hosting? If you’re in the market for a new web hosting provider, be sure to check out our user reviews, our A-Z hosting guide and our top three popular hosting picks:- 2,020 Reviews 480 Reviews 435 Reviews Comments Thanks for your comment. It will show here once it has been approved. Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * comment-textarea Name * Email * We've helped millions of webmasters around the world find their perfect web hosting provider. WhoIsHostingThis Hosting Reviews The Best Hosting Compare Deals & Discounts FAQ About Us User Agent Tool Contact About WhoIsHostingThis.com In 2007, WhoIsHostingThis.com launched the world's first tool to discover which web host a website uses. Since then, we have published 1+ million words of real-user reviews, 2+ million words of content from our experts and helped millions of webmasters around the world find their perfect web hosting provider, whether it is for a personal website, blog or small business. Read more... Terms & Privacy Sitemap Black Friday WhoIsHostingThis.com is operated by Quality Nonsense Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales. Company No. 05889123. VAT No. 879480072. Registered office: 27 Mortimer Street, London, W1T 3BL, UK. © 2007-2019 WhoIsHostingThis.com. Want to know how you can help support our work? We earn a referral fee when you buy services from many of the hosts on our site. Learn more… Get Black Friday 2019 Deals on Web Hosting, Domains & Much MoreSave Now! 0shares
